README.md, before:

# Simple discord giveaway bot
> Very simple discord giveaway bot made with discord.js

![Example](https://i.imgur.com/SITnxLT.png)

## Install

```
You have to install NodeJS and Git.
Create a folder.
Open Command Promt.
Type in: cd The path to your new folder. (Example: C:\Users\User\Desktop\New folder)
Press enter.
After that type in: git clone https://github.com/notmaxi/giveaway-bot.git
Press enter.
When you see all Github files in your folder you installed the bot succesfully.
```

## Usage

Open config.json
And change the following values:

```
"prefix": "YOUR_PREFIX_HERE",
"token": "YOUR_TOKEN_HERE"
```

## Features

* Create your own custom giveaways!
* Custom time!
* Custom prize!

## Contributing

```
If you spot a any kind of mistake and know how to fix it edit the code and submit a pull request.
If you don't know how to fix it open an Issue and tell me about the mistake.
If you have any idea on how to make the code more efficiant please tell me about it.
```

## Author

Authored and maintained by notmaxi.

> GitHub [@notmaxi](https://github.com/notmaxi)

Commit message:

🖼️ 💬 Added an explaining gif, added various text
🖼️ Added a gif that shows the starting process.
💬 Added text that explains the gif.

README.md, after:

# Simple discord giveaway bot
> Very simple discord giveaway bot made with discord.js

![Example](https://i.imgur.com/SITnxLT.png)

## Install

```
You have to install NodeJS and Git.
Create a folder.
Open Command Promt.
Type in: cd The path to your new folder. (Example: C:\Users\User\Desktop\New folder)
Press enter.
After that type in: git clone https://github.com/notmaxi/giveaway-bot.git
Press enter.
When you see all Github files in your folder you installed the bot succesfully.
```

## Usage

Open config.json
And change the following values:

```
"prefix": "YOUR_PREFIX_HERE",
"token": "YOUR_TOKEN_HERE"
```

## Start
After you have filled in everything in the config.json file just hit the start-bot.bat file and your bot will start automatically for you.

![Example2](https://i.imgur.com/Yeu5CXZ.gif)
> Don't worry that token is outdated.

## Features

* Create your own custom giveaways!
* Custom time!
* Custom prize!

## Contributing

```
If you spot a any kind of mistake and know how to fix it edit the code and submit a pull request.
If you don't know how to fix it open an Issue and tell me about the mistake.
If you have any idea on how to make the code more efficiant please tell me about it.
```

## Author

Authored and maintained by notmaxi.

> GitHub [@notmaxi](https://github.com/notmaxi)
